Fixes misalignment in motion vectors from TiledCamera (#2012)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: source/isaaclab/docs/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.34.7 (2025-03-04)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fixed
^^^^^

> * Fixed the issue of `motion_vectors` not being aligned with other modalities of `TiledCamera` such as `rgba`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the issue of misalignment in the motion vectors from the :class:`TiledCamera`
  with other modalities such as RGBA and depth.

```

Changelog
---------

0.34.8 (2025-03-04)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fixed
^^^^^

* Fixed the issue of misalignment in the motion vectors from the :class:`TiledCamera`
  with other modalities such as RGBA and depth.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
